We're at a syrup. Huh. You know what? Maybe I'll use my intern.
Glutie!
Good?
Thanks, Glutie.
Anything else? Do you want to develop an app?
No thanks, Glutie.
Hey, what's up, Glutie?
Hi, Morty. Do you want to develop an app?
No thanks.
Rick, why does it say do not develop my app on your intern's forehead?
Why? You want to develop one?
I'm glad you asked that, Jerry. It's so you don't develop his app.
Glutie, go make some photocopies of something.
Cool. Well, if anyone wants to develop an app with me, I'm down.
He seems to really want to develop an app.
He really does, sweetie, but nobody's going to do that.
Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got a quick solo adventure to go on,
and this one will not be directed by Ron Howard.
He's going to go poop when Grandpa Rick pats his belly like that
and leaves without Morty. It means he's going to go poop.
He's a shy pooper. He has a secret pooping place.
Man, f*** you, Summer.
Honey, why can't you get this excited about your SATs?
Well, I'm man enough to simply say I'm going to poop,
and I'd be honored to have Ron Howard involved.
Good job, Mom and Dad.
He's really putting you to work, huh?
Did you want to develop an app?
I'll pass, Glutie.
You'll loss.
Oh, yeah? Why is that?
That's an app you'd want to develop.
Can I ask what it is?
Of course you can.
That's always the first step in app development.
50-50, final offer.
$50,000.
Reverse digestion extrapolation.
Time to meet your maker.
What are you guys doing?
Did you develop an app?
Rule number one in app development, son.
Never follow the rules.
Except when the rule is tattooed on an alien's forehead, Dad.
Why do you think Rick would have that rule?
Because he's a disruptifo.
No, Dad, no.
To keep something horrible from happening.
Something he's too lazy to explain.
Guys, we're getting our first users.
Whoa.
This new app just matched me with a guy that is Sue Mytie.
Super Mytie?
Learn to abree?
Hey!
Your Sue Ty works at Jersey Mikes and sees 25 fish shows a year.
That is so Danny.
Summer!
Danny?
Summer Smith!
Danny Poublets from Love Finders with two Rs and a Z.
I ran all the way here while staring your profile.
I tripped on a fire hydrant and fell down, so I'm covered in gravel,
it stuck to my sweat, and even after a shower,
I'll still be into a jam band for old junkies.
But I think this world cares too much about bands and too little about love.
And I think I love you.
Me too.
Hi, I'm my underage daughter's mother, and I said,
Whoa!
Come on, just met!
This isn't working.
Wait, what are you...
Never mind.
I quit.
I'm gay, and I love Xander.
Stupid phones are destroying us.
Hey, sweetie.
Honey, our daughter ran off with a Frisbee golfer because of some app with a really dumb,
really forgettable name.
Like a really dumb, uncreative, super sweaty name.
Anyway, I'll be late.
I love you.
Got it.
I love you too.
Okay, Glutie, take the app down.
Kind of take it down.
I'm just an intent.
That's not how apps work.
Then make it how it works!
I'm not a bad guy.
I'm a bad guy.
That's not how apps work.
Then make it how it works!
This isn't how making things work.
Work!
Get it off the server!
You think we're stupid, but we're not!
We know apps have something to do with servers!
The server's on the mothership.
Where's the mothership?
It's coming.
Take us to it.
No.
Yes, shake it more, Morty.
That was working.
Take us to the mothership!
Okay, don't hurt me.
Don't hurt me.
An ominous beeping app.
You can't stay mad at a guy with this kind of talent.
Dad, you can and you have to!
Ribbit.
No, no, no.
You came to the right place because you're about to get a bullet sandwich on two slices
of hol, gun.
You might wanna get that.
Hello?
Dad!
Give the human whatever he wants!
He knows where I live!
He's crazy!
Youeding up making birds taking notes
You're all grown men, Fatassot!
Little cheese pie clock is coming up soon!
Dad, he gave a lot to you when you finally married!
You can't spell it wrong, okay?
Don't hurt me with that!
Thank God, you'll get what I mean.
Dad, dad gave the crew Gar Sullivan woodpecker abothones
Sure, well, you can.
But with the USB one I always...
I help people sometimes go out.
What do you want? What do you want?
Wait, this is seriously about sandwiches?
I thought this was about drugs or guns,
or the fact that I'm a fly that runs a frog restaurant.
There's a million things that are interesting about me,
and none of them are sandwiches.
Who ordered it?
Talk to our delivery drone.
He run off to fight in the robot wars.
Hey, Akeman, I hope this was worth making a whole swarm of enemies.
It will be when I find whoever shit in my toilet.
Is that code for something?
Someone look that up. If that's drug slang, I need to know it.
Mom, you can't stop Trullo.
Oh, yes, I can.
You're assaulting me.
Keep your voice down.
I'm being assaulted.
Yeah, okay.
Statutory rape.
Whoa.
My daughter's about to be raped.
No, I'm not. I'm being assaulted.
Rape!
Nobody cares. It's a motel.
Nobody's here because their lives going so great
they can afford to get mixed up in yours.
Deal with this shit on your own.
You can't stop us from getting a motel room.
Fine. I'll get one too.
I'm getting the one next door.
And I'm putting a glass to the wall and I'm listening.
Fine. Enjoy.
I will.
I'm Danny, by the way.
You've had your chance, dick.
Take your app down.
Take it down.
What?
I'm their hostage.
Do they have weapons?
Nope, but neither do I.
Do you have a weapon?
No.
Take the app down.
I can't.
I'm an intern.
Okay, well, who tells interns what to do?
Not you. That's for sure.
Take us to whoever does.
Or we'll punch you.
Okay.
Not bad, Morty.
Yeah, I don't know when the other shoe's going to drop,
but this is working pretty good so far.
Greetings.
We are the Monogatrons.
While your species was still toying with fire,
ours mastered the science of functioning,
committed relationships.
As the latest planet to develop our app,
you will now witness the true power of superior intimacy.
Take the app down.
Take it down or...
We'll punch you.
Is there someone with a gun or...?
It's on its way.
The app remains up.
So what's the evil plan?
Does there have to be an evil plan?
Oh!
Someone went to the gun.
I'll take it. Thanks.
Here's the evil plan.
F*** God damn it!
As a pre-app civilization,
your love's value is defined by scarcity.
You are highly trained to seek it,
and you have no idea how to maintain it.
Had you bothered to master love,
you would have learned by now it is as abundant as water.
You know what isn't?
Water.
That s*** runs out.
So we'll be taking yours.
While your planet continues to dick around with it,
what is the version of it called?
Love finders with two hours and a z.
If...
Yeah, not my idea.
God damn!
Am I interrupting?
Impossible.
Yes, she is.
Mwah.
Your prisoners are getting away.
Prisoners are just things.
Connect with me.
Tell me about your death.
I had an incredible week.
Did you know humans are 80% water?
Ho-ho-ho!
And I found a new podcast we can listen to tonight.
Love it.
Okay, back to work.
Find and kill those ethics.
We're outnumbered.
There's no hope.
Then we go out in glory.
Flesh intruder, prepare to die.
Oh, hold on.
My apologies, Lieutenant Commander.
No problem.
At ease, soldier.
Initiate employee evaluation mode.
Accessing delivery archive.
Okay, listen.
You delivered an avian protein club sandwich with no lettuce.
God damn it!
Oh, I scoped for this bit, then?
All right, all right.
I know you want to have the big guy, little guy fight, but are you f***ing kidding me?
Here at the Midland Quasar, we're in a complete upset.
The revolution has overturned the losing.
It's totally unimaginable.
I understand, Mr. Phillips.
Yes.
I believe this is yours.
You, uh, you dropped that.
I'll have to call you back.
Where do you want to die?
Susan, it's Compton's room 3 available.
Can I look at a photo of my wife while you kill me?
Sure, but I'm doing her a favor.
She either has terrible taste or she's trapped in a marriage to a toilet.
I'm not going to let you kill me.
I'm ready when you are.
Stay there.
Tell him what you told me.
What is this? What's happening?
My wife's still alive.
She's gone.
Tell him what you told me.
My wife's still alive.
She went into remission ten years ago.
What did you do today?
Oh, I pooped on a really awesome toilet I found.
Ow!
Don't use your dead wife as an excuse.
You sh** on my toilet because you don't know your place.
And your place is nothing.
So next time you stumble onto a toilet that feels too good for your ass,
trust me, it is.
You're not going to kill me?
Don't tell me what to do!
The end
Uh oh.
Huh?
Are you f**king kidding me?
up
Oh, so you like being alive, so why the f*** are you back here?
After you left, I thought about what you said and how much I needed to hear it.
But then I thought about why you were saying it, who you were really saying it to.
You need the same thing I needed, Rick.
You need someone to give you permission to live.
What the...
I thought you were a shy pooper!
You know what shy pooping is, Rick?
It's a pointless bid for control.
You want to take the one part of life that you truly think is yours and you want to protect
it from a universe that takes whatever it wants.
It took my wife.
It clearly took something from you.
We can spend our lives fighting that, but we can choose to be free.
You're right, Tony.
I'm done fighting.
Time to be free.
Oh, wait, you're actually gonna...
Oh, god!
Where am I?
Hi, little mouse.
ABB.
I missed you so much.
I never really left you.
And you'd know that a few years ago I started getting into...
Strap on, porn?
Yes.
I thought it was hot.
Now, come on.
Where are you going?
To poop!
Where?
Wherever you want.
Forever!
My god!
You rang.
I'm pooping, too!
Come, Tony.
Come on.
Come poop with me.
Poop with me, Tony.
Poop with me.
What are you waiting for?
Aren't you gonna join us, Tony?
Aren't you gonna join us in the pooping?
Where are we?
What is this?
That's it.
Get out.
You can make a perfectly realized toilet filled simulation of heaven, but you can't share
a toilet.
Don't insult my craft.
The chemical is globafin.
It connects the whatever you want section of your brain to the whatever you have section.
If your heaven is toilets, that's on you.
All of these people are living their wildest meaningless dreams and leaving me out of them.
People you refuse to kill and refuse to let into your life.
An offer you rejected.
So here's your last chance.
Goodbye forever.
If you touch my toilet again, you die.
You need a friend.
I have a million cooler friends than you.
I'll be seeing you.
You'll be dying.
We're gonna be friends.
We're gonna be dead.
Okay, so we fight our way to the gas line, we cut it, and then we set a fire.
Okay, alright.
Morty, adventures of Jerry and Morty, huh?
Put her there.
Dad, look.
You know, we don't need a high five.
It's not your fault that we're in this situation at all.
I know, but you know, come on.
Adventures of Jerry and Morty.
Okay.
Jeff, I can explain everything.
You don't have to.
You just marry us instead.
Jeff, don't do it!
Richard.
Maggie!
Running bird!
Let's get out of here.
Priest witherspoon!
Josiah?
Let's get the f**k out of here.
Summer Smith, let's get the hell out of here.
You had me at my own name.
Oh, yeah, no, why would I?
Summer!
A f**king thing!
Come on!
I can't steer this!
What in the hell are you doing?
Parenting.
That's not how I did it.
Yeah, where's your daughter?
Ah, you're right.
She joined ISIS.
It's Glutie, and he's had a change of heart, and he's going to set us free.
Actually, he's been blamed for bringing you aboard and assigned to execute you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Okay, what would your girlfriend think of you murdering?
I happen to be between relationships right now.
I thought your species had perfected relationships.
Here.
We're not allowed to use those apps.
I wonder why.
That's what I thought, Glutie.
Looks like you and I are all we got.
I'm not hoping you any more than that, but if you can find the hangar, grab a ship, and get the hell out of here.
Where are you going, Glutie?
I've got a date with dumping a dating app.
Glutie!
You-you!
Was that ever his thing?
No.
He never exited that way.
You know, first time.
Dad, I want to say something.
I started today disgusted and embarrassed to be your son, and then later I thought we were going to die because you're a loser.
There's no more.
Nope.
Now quit f**king up and let's go.
There's Tony here.
I brought him some vegan fiber chili, delicious family recipe, and a box of these chocolates, sugar-free.
He can eat as many of these as he wants.
Anyways, just wanted to drop these off, and you tell him the toilet's all his.
He'll know what I mean.
Tony died.
Excuse me?
He quit his job, started living life to the fullest.
He crashed into a tree, space-skiing down Mount Space Everest.
F**k!
There's a Mount Space Everest?
Okay, uh, Jesus, I-I gotta process this.
Oh, no, no, you-you don't want to eat that.
You'll-you'll-you'll become the opening of the Beverly Hillbillies.
You know what I'm saying?
Little bubbling crude, Texas tea.
I don't know these references.
Yeah, but you have a Space Everest?
Watch Space Beverly Hillbillies so my jokes can land, you f**k.
Now what?
Happily ever after.
And after that?
We'll find out. Together.
Summer, how many soulmates is that in the last week?
Four.
You can't stop me from loving who I love, Mom.
Oh, the s**t, I can't.
I'm gonna mother you until your 18th birthday,
even if I get thrown in prison for non-consensual mothering.
And even then, I will break out, come to your house,
kick down your door, and mother your f**king face out of your stupid asshole.
I'm gonna daughter your brains out, bitch.
Mother f**k!
That's my name, don't wear it out.
Give me that new soulmate.
Adwall?
F**k this.
Would you want us to pay for it now?
Come on, Mom, let's go home.
Great, we lost Earth.
We aren't defined by the rules.
We lost Earth.
We aren't defined by what we do, and we only mean each other.
Each other.
And water!
There's no water!
I need the whole point of conquering Earth.
I know the point of conquering Earth.
Don't talk to me like...
Like I'm thirsty.
Like I'm your mother!
You childish prick!
How much water you suckin' through these stupid f**king dudes on your back?
These two are cool, and I want a divorce.
You can have one for a glass of goddamn water!
Look, on the off chance that you use the app
and there's someone out there waiting for you...
Jerry, I didn't use it.
Did you?
Me? No.
God, of course not.
Well then we're all good, Doug.
Hey, Tony's dad.
This is eight billion in your local currency,
and this is a kit.
You can use a clone, a new son.
He won't have the same brain, kind of be an animal man,
but you can teach him stuff.
I also wanted to let you know I did explore infinite universes,
and there is a version of Tony that was completely evil
and ended up causing a lot of genocide because of how fulfilled he was.
So really, a lot of ways of looking at this is not much of a loss.
I understand.
It's, um, hard losing a friend.
F**k you!
What?
You're not my friend.
There he is! There's our guy!
Congrats, Tony!
Have fun with your stupid toilet that you get to use all by yourself now.
Enjoy using it all by yourself while you sit there
and think about how nobody wants to be around you
and how you ruin it for yourself because you're a huge piece of s**t.
Look at you sitting there, king s**t on his throne of loneliness.
Enjoy this toilet with a thousand of me screaming every time you take a s**t.
All hail His Majesty, the saddest piece of garbage in the entire cosmos.
Long live the big, bad-doodle daddy.
May his reign last a thousand years!
Happy to you!
Hmm, clobufin.
Nope.
Thanks. I could never lift it up.
No problem.
I'll be able to drink water for weeks because of you.
It's just part of my job, ma'am.
Breaker 1-9, this is Jerry Smith.
Just finished my first delivery of the day, 900 more to go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
I did it!
Did you get any of that?
No.